Adds explanation for optional variables (#239)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation: 0-bootstrap/README-Jenkins.md

1. You can now move to the instructions in the step [1-org](../1-org/README.md).

### Optional Variables

> Some variables used to deploy the step have default values, check if you want to change those values before doing the deploy. For more information check in the section [Inputs](./modules/jenkins-agent/README.md#Inputs) the variables not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some variables used to deploy this step have default values, please check these prior to deployment to ensure they match your requirements. For more information, see [Inputs](./modules/jenkins-agent/README.md#Inputs) for variables marked as not required.
```

1. You can now move to the instructions in the step [1-org](../1-org/README.md).

> ### Optional Variables

Reviewer 2: This readme is getting pretty big. Thoughts on a Table of contents with anchors?

Reviewer: +1

Some variables used to deploy the step have default values. Check if you want to change those values before doing the deploy:

> - **skip_gcloud_download:** By default this option is `true`. If you change to false it will download gcloud. The default value assumes gcloud is already available outside the module.

Reviewer 3: It is usually easier to follow positive statements like:
`download_gcloud = true` -> then it means `gcloud` will be downloaded.

So, is `skip_gcloud_download`is only used here and it is not a variable that we use in other modules, I would change `skip_gcloud_download` to `download_gcloud`

Author: I agree, but I think would be better to fix this in another PR. Thanks!

Reviewer 2: `skip_gcloud_download` is from `gcloud` module which exposes `skip_download`. I think we kept it because default behaviour of gcloud module was to enable users to download and use gcloud. With the 2.0 release we default `skip_download` to true and expose more controls, so we wont need to plumb this. But yes, I agree with @atos-cit we can take care of that bump and minor refactor in a separate PR.
